and on the baths of san diego
right-hander Andrew Cashner and his
scouting report is brought to you by
Jaguar of San Diego you know what keep
doing what you are doing and keep
building on your success we've talked
about Andrew Castro and the strides that
he has made as a starting pitcher five
years of age next Monday
boom tied him on the strike three
Kinsler didn't know where the ball was
didn't trying to rent it out to first
base
I'm saying three frozen
beside all three looking for cell Oh
Davis and Kinsler on the outer half of
the plate he got extra fat fast 196
because it's an extra pitch right down
the Broadway
got close called jamming Davis he just
insisted beyond tricho for the first
time hit that is said he has struck out
Austin Jackson for the second time runs
his K total up to eight swing and a Miss
he pulled the string and Avila becomes
one night strikeout victim tonight
struck him out there's double figures
number 10
you